I am here at best bagel and coffee with
Austin from Belize remember when I
totally roasted you and called you fat
and a lot of why did you move you yeah
that was awesome
but I'm like sinking all the way to the
bottom yes afraid because you're fat
very rainy day another gross fan New
York if you ever want the best Babel of
coffee
that's bagel and coffee how is how is
your bagel off it was really good Oh
amazingly one it was still agree as
simple as you can get oh yeah I didn't
so many bagels and cream cheese since
getting back to New York City I'm gonna
have to go have to like pull back a
little bit you just saw a wild Sara
peachy roaming the streets of New York
before 10 a.m. that really happens and
surprised so many people are up and out
out and about it's 8 a.m. 9 a.m. you get
it guys I'm working on I want to become
a morning person but it's a process like
a five-year process that I still haven't
gotten down I went to bed at like 4:30
a.m. last night and Savini when I'm
around exhaustion whenever I don't get a
lot of slate got a rep a homey time off
no smooth team should sleep it's healthy
to sleep but sometimes the hustle don't
stop ignore the mess that is this but my
lamps now have the same lights that my
lights have and so check this out I can
control them via my app and so like
living room turn on/off better and turn
on/off but I now have my lamps in there
too
I can now control their color
temperature as well and so if I need
some more light to fill a corner or
something I just pop that on bounce it
off a white wall and I'm set to go it's
still the lighting situation I'm still
figuring out but a big pro tip that Ted
Forbes gave me it's not necessarily how
fancy your lights are but if all of your
lights are the same color temperature
and with this fancy app and lightbulbs I
can control the colors I'm short colors
because color temperature of all my
lights in my apartment so given what it
is outside right now I have the color
temperature of the light set to like
4000 K and so you know if all the lights
are matching up with the outside
lighting and also with the other lights
then it is going to be Gucci I mean god
I should just turn these vlogs into
like you well if there ever get her
apartment setup for a NYC apartment tour
maybe maybe maybe also will Sarah ever
finish cleaning out her closet the world
may never know this is what I like to
call my Star Wars sweater I don't want
some meetings this week and a lot it's
like my meetings hats meetings meetings
are
the weather outside right now is just so
absolutely terrible on this car done
this a couple meetings I'm Way too close
to sweet green not to get sweeping so
let's get some squeaker so rainy and
cold with no one here no one's in New
York I feel like right now got it got it
got it got it gross gross gross
it's so funny to see everyone face faces
walking on all the sides in pain in so
much pain you can umbrella just flip
[Music]
I can't tell you how happy and I Cecil
to have a Kiki I don't watch it a lot
but just aa Netflix and currently re
watching How I Met Your Mother just
during my meals something I didn't
really explain was the guy who I met for
bagels with meringue his name is Austin
I'm not have only two weeks ago on my
trip to Belize and he was in the city
for some more kilos in Georgia and so
it's so cool to connect with someone I
met like two weeks ago and now we homies
meeting new people is the coolest thing
ever and it just it really is like a
fresh of breath air so what you doing to
get out and meet new people I'm gonna
eat and check some to do's off my list
and I'll see y'all tomorrow
remember yesterday when it is the worst
day ever and the weather was a good oh
my gosh
today the weather the name things on my
to-do list today are like please and to
email and to all the things that require
me inside but I'm just gonna say hold
hold off on that for a second because
wow
[Music]
we say why not have one on at the High
Line and on her and healthy some startup
podcast blipping and look at my phone
and so cry
[Music]
you're ever near to become check out the
High Line officially and a placing quad
form old railroad track to be absolute
essentials excuse right out of water on
the website but I have supporters of the
business
a cookie dough chopped open up and here
today we can go and eat like guilt-free
cookie dough you know you always have to
make sure that you don't get sick we
could you know if you didn't know the
first shop like it's nice it's just open
up
like there's the one world trade
don't hit me taxi
it should be hazardous or the services
cookie dough confections
[Music]
you can get cookie dough on a waffle con
like ice cream amazing
well I got cake pattern thank you
there's Cuban cookie dough like ice
cream and it doesn't it's not a video
anything I experience the struggle
tennis that is this is what we've been
waiting for got it here at so it's still
do but you know pronounced Joe so I got
some basically chocolate chip cookie
dough last spring everything that I
would have hoped it would be delicious
video third fifth scoop
I got touched some other a lot of these
the creation of this place apparently
she had a online Cousteau business for
two years and then she decided to Fran
to the city and I loved freaking New
York City I was like this is the only
place that people are going to get so
stupid excited and champion and hype
about a place like this it was good it
was also she come check it out what a
fun Hey
dang the crazy thing is you guys just
fall just saw a little little tidbit of
it I also kind of kill it on the
Instagram stories and the snapchats may
ask you ask you for something I know
it's a lot you know to ask to follow me
on Instagram and snapchat that will be
amazing if you did that but just choose
your favorite whether it's Instagram or
snapchat and if you give me a follow on
either or that would be so dope because
I love talking to you guys and having
like a closer relationship on there and
you get to see little tidbits and
behind-the-scenes and fun adventures on
those platforms I don't share in the
vlog I actually document other things
around the city and hanging out with
cool people so thanks for the follow
guys snapchat or Instagram or both or
both I'm going to tell you a super cool
story when I ate a sweet green earlier
today there was a guy in front of me
that definitely was not from New York
City he was like speaking very broken
English and a sweet green they only
accept the app like their app or a
credit card on they do not accept cash
and so he only like had cash in a credit
card wasn't working and he was just like
very frazzled so you know I felt bad
enough behind I was just like no I was
okay and I put my app and paper his food
and he was very like oh my gosh like
thank you so much and you know it was
awesome like units do a little pay it
forward and I just moved on in a right
after when I went to the cookie dough
place and got my lovely like $5 $7 scoop
of cookie dough I was talking to a
really nice guy who was in front of me
and we him what do lying took about like
15 minutes
and he just like paid it for my cookie
and he paid for my cookie dough and it
was so nice to know you know kind of out
of the blue he totally didn't have to do
that it was just so cool it was like man
I didn't even really think about earlier
being a sweet green thing where you just
like pay it forward and then it comes
back all right on you came back around
pretty pretty quick I don't know is
there a moral to that story I guess you
know it's like one little thing that you
could go out today and pay for this has
to be as money like help an old lady
across the street or something anyways
my homies my fans is been real life is
good I'll see you in a next row I posted
on Thursday this isn't a normal blog
upload a day for me but I have a that
creative life episode coming out
tomorrow it's been a minute so I just
wanted to fit in another vlog so you
don't have videos every single day this
week
Monday through Friday what's up what's
good that's pretty dope right living the
best life living it with the internet
fan so yeah Foley on Instagram snapchat
hit the subscribe button down below if
you have not yet let me know if you like
this video and I'll see you in the next
one I'll see you tomorrow okay stay
peachy okay bye e it's starting it's
starting to rain now our solution is to
tandem boost